Welcome to the 26th
mod conception today with an is
station to feed mix and that
the production is 10 tons per
hour
The capacity is 100 tons and
the maintenance costs you twelve euro per
Day
You can use mixed feed for cows and
produce sheep and where three
demands aimless then see later
You will have to straw hay and silage
rows are filled and the capacity
lies with the three calls silos respectively
at 50 tons
the object costs 32 1499 euros in the shop
and yes as we now look the same times
and I wish you much fun so
city toll from
the measuring station and the chance now
a bit from the outside that she gave me
once again that here is a red one
light looks that has to mean that
a goal he is there are two more
other lights can look
the yellow so the middle light the
means that the mixing container is full
and the lower the green means
that everything is ok and that
is produced otherwise there is here
still so small in general but so box
unfortunately you can not serve it now
or you can not recognize it unfortunately
But it is not so bad because we can
We already have such a display on the top left
if you go and that with station
One, I was only one on the map
who else could there be 20 or too
another number is total emissions
is zero because I have nothing inside
have and nothing will
mixed then we still have the three
Charging stations I say
there comes to a silage hay and straw
purely because everything is zero to
so extreme have the 3 sees
keep that can be filled here
once with silage hay and straw then
everything is mixed together and it
So that's how they come from
We have a big container then
a total of 100 tons of pure and fit
when everything is mixed then comes
here the finished food out here and there
you have to then with the feed mixer
or you have to drive under it then
and then you can open it or it
give sheep as feed
You can download the whole by her
just the left as the best
clicks and yes otherwise it was now
with the 626 presentation
I hope I like now shows
It gives me a thumbs up
or if you did not like it
thumb down
otherwise it was like that I hope so
that jasmine is again seen to
That's what makes it good
and look